# CLUBS STORE from the area 
Store created to access the different garments that the clubs in my area of influence have, which can be accessed by gender, type of clothing and by clubs.<br/>
All the project done completely with React JS in the Coderhouse course.

## Languages used in the project 
html, css, javascript

## Framework used
Bootstrap was used to use the grid model on which to "work/will work" in the layout of the site. 


# Installation Steps
1. Clone the repository

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/PabloSalvagni/ClubsStore.git`
```

2. Install dependecies
```bash
$ npm install`
```

4. Run the app
```bash
$ npm start` (to run test in localhost)
```
Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.


## Backend
The backend is developed in firestore, it has 3 types of files:

/items: collecion of products with this structure
1. id: String(autogenerated by firestore)
2. category: Srting (type of clothes: shoes, shorts, t-shirt, etc...  )
3. categoryType: String (male, female and kids)
4. club: String (clubs of the area)
5. details: String
6. price: number
7. stock: number 
8. thumbnail: String (url image)


/categoryTypes: collecion of category with this structure
1. id: String added
2. Descripcion: Srting (male, female and kids)

/orders: collecion of orders recived from the App with this structure
1. id: String(autogenerated by firestore)
2. buyer: name, mail and phone of the buyer.
3. items: Array with objects with structure of 'items'
4. date: date of the operation
5. total: total of the operation.

## Conexion to [Firebase](https://console.firebase.google.com/ "Firebase link")
Add an .env with firebase data to make the app work
Replace the 'environment Variables' that you has in /.evn file with database values conexions
```bash
REACT_APP_apiKey=“value_apiKey”
REACT_AAPP_autDomain="value_autDomain"
REACT_AAPP_projectId-=value_projectId"
REACT_AAPP_storageBucket=“value_storageBucket"
REACT_AAPP_messagingSenderId="value_messagingSenderId"
REACT_AAPP_appId="value_appId"
```

To run the project conected to db, first stop de localhost
```bash
Ctrl + C
```

and start again
```bash
$ npm start` (to run test in localhost)
```

# Project

### APP Routes  `/ <App />`
- `/` `<ItemListContainer />` is the main route
- `/category/:categoryId` `<ItemListContainer/>`  filtering by categoryTypes router
- `/detail/:paramId ` `<ItemDetailContainer/>`  product detail router
- `/cart/` `<Cart/>` the shopping cart router, has the form for buyers and checkout process and show id of the operation 
- `/login` `<Login/>` local logging to identify the buyer. It is not required for the purchase process 
- `/*` 404 Page not found. **


## Componentes
- `<Navbar>` Component with section and category buttons that it brings from the database. Logic to show `<CartWidget />` 
- `<CartWidget />` Component that contains the `Cart icon` and `bullet` whith number of products added to the cart.
-----

- `/ <ItemListContainer />` Component with the logic to obtain the products from the database and make them available to the `<ItemList>` component
- `/ <ItemList />` Get the products and listing them with `<Item>` component.
- `/ <Item />` Card with minimum info of the product + Details Button

- `/ <ItemDetailContainer />` Component with the logic to obtain the products from the database and make them available to the `<ItemDetail>` component
- `/ <ItemDetail />` Component whit the logic to 
- `/ <ItemCount />` Component let add products and add To Cart to continue with the checkout.

----- 

- `/ <Cart />` Component with the logic of listing products, form and checkout process 
-----

#### Common components that are used in renderings in different places of the app
- `/ <Loader />` Visible when the app is processing an operation.
- `/ <Login />` 
- `/ <Notification />` Component that show de client messages of the App interaction.
- `/ <Footer />` 


## Contexts
- `Context/Cartcontext` All the functions to operate with the cart in the different components, add products, add, total amounts, remove products from the cart
- `Context/NotificactionContext`Provides the user with notices about what is happening with the use of the app
- `Context/UserContext` Gives context to the user's local login.

## Services
- `/Firebase.js` Just the conexion to the DB with 'environment Variables' 

#### Autor
Pablo Salvagni, Frontend Developer.
 
