# CLUBS STORE from the area 
A store is created where you can access the different garments that the clubs in my area of influence have, which can be accessed by gender, type of clothing and by clubs.
All the project done completely with React JS in the Coderhouse course.

# What lenguages did I use to do this project: 
html, css, javascript

# Framework used
Bootstrap was used to use the grid model on which to "work/will work" in the layout of the site. 

# Installation & Execution
### Clonar
+git clone URL del Proyecto

### Instalar
+npm install

### Ejecutar
+npm start (to run test in localhost)
Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.


# Backend
The backend is developed in firestore, it houses 3 types of files:

/items: collecion of products with this structure
1. id: String(autogenerated by firestore)
2. category: Srting (type of clothes: shoes, shorts, t-shirt, etc...  )
3. categoryType: String (male, female and kids)
4. club: String (clubs of the area)
5. details: String
6. price: number
7. stock: number 
8. thumbnail: String (url image)


/categoryTypes: collecion of category with this structure
1. id: String added
2. Descripcion: Srting (male, female and kids)

/orders: collecion of orders recived from the App with this structure
1. id: String(autogenerated by firestore)
2. buyer: name, mail and phone of the buyer.
3. items: Array with objects with structure of 'items'
4. date: date of the operation
5. total: total of the operation.

## Conexion to [Firebase](https://console.firebase.google.com/ "Firebase link")
Add an .env with firebase data to make the app work
Replace the 'environment Variables' that you has in /.evn file with database values conexions
REACT_APP_apiKey=“value_apiKey”
REACT_AAPP_autDomain="value_autDomain"
REACT_AAPP_projectId-=value_projectId"
REACT_AAPP_storageBucket=“value_storageBucket"
REACT_AAPP_messagingSenderId="value_messagingSenderId"
REACT_AAPP_appId="value_appId"


# Project

# Componentes

# Contexts

# Services

# Data
The products of the store and functions to consume those is in a javascript "products.js" file in src/ folder.

# Autor
Pablo Salvagni, Frontend Developer.
 